Supriyai: INTROGreetings everybody, 
We are from REMO, …..
I am …… So let’s begin then….

Mansi: REMO = IFH
 wondering what the equation means ?
 Let me explain then
Work from home is the new normal, how does an interview from home sound?

This is what primarily inspired us, but thinking of it , we also address
many other potential problems that are encountered while conducting interviews.
Testing of technical skills requires screen-sharing or giving remote access,
neither of which respect the privacy of the candidate. 

More so, a candidate’s portfolio is an important parameter to gauge the level
of expertise and ability, these are accessed by opening multiple tabs and 
going back and forth.

So here we are with REMO an interface for conduction of remote interviews.


Mansi: Features
So let’s get ready for an online interview. 

A face-to-a-name enables better interaction. So there is a need
for a video calling application. 

Expressing ideas by thinking out aloud is an important part of
an interview, then what’s better than a realtime whiteboard for that.

Showcasing projects highlights one’s level of expertise. So don’t
forget to document your work on a platform like GitHub.

Not all things can be said orally so a chat application is a need.

Most importantly, a platform to test any kind of technical skill 
which is accesseble by both the interviewer and interviewee

A Video calling interface
A whiteboard
Access to github profile
Chat
And a virtual environment

These features put together is REMO

- Why REMO is differnet
Most of the platforms try to simplify/aid the hiring process but do not focus on the experience of the interview in specific. Our product will also ensure thorough testing of technical skills under any domain given the aspect of setting up a virtual environment on the cloud.

Platforms that support testing of technical skills, at the maximum offer a code editor, however the virtual environment offers much more.

Our motive is to improve the interview experience. It should be hassle-free for both the interviewer/interviewee.  
(i) Google meet, Skype, Zoom : These are not interview specific platforms but are used very commonly (due to ease of use)

(ii) Hackerrank, myInterview, intrakt (these have candidate testing feature included, only limited to testing skills with respect to coding skills)

(iii) Sparkhire,  these integrate with application tracking systems(ATS) (these provide
ATS, a utility to filter out applications)

(iv) Some use AI based solutions to improve the experience

(v) Shine , Sonru, offer a solution to hire candidates across various domains, but facilities mostly limited to video interface


In addition to the Video-chat, and a real-time whiteboard, we propose to offer 
-A domain-specific virtual environment hosted on the cloud for testing of any technical skills which is accessible by both the parties and the candidate doesn’t have to share the screen. Let’s take an example, for a graphic designer, an instance of photoshop can be set up, or consider another situation where a candidate has to be tested on a programming language or databases, the respective environment will be set up.

-Sharing screen or providing remote access, as this is an invasion of privacy so our virtual environment is hosted on the cloud. Each user can control the environment simultaneously.

-One of our motives is to bring online interviews as close to offline interviews, an important component is to invigilate or monitor the testing environment.  

-Instead of narrating his/her works, the written proof is always better and more convincing. A glimpse of interviewee’s resume and works of the interviewee will be provided to the interviewer to gauge the level of expertise better,  

Interviewers and interviewees can be connected from all around the world, thereby eliminating the physical presence of the interviewee at the location of the interview
     
-Most of the other platforms that we use aren’t built in India, our end-to-end product is made in India. We ensure data security..(discuss later)

Supriya:Remolution
So folks!
Its not just a revolution... Its remolution!!
Thank you, well take the questions now



Questions

Why did u build this/motivation?
Scene after COVID?
How is it better than the existing ones?
How have u got access to the lab?
Why is there no login ?
What are sockets???
Why not teams?
Hassle
I would go with ready-made than making one
Because, don't want to spend time setting up something for one day which I won't use the other day.
