Supriyai: INTROGreetings everybody, 
We are from REMO, …..
I am …… So let’s begin then….

Mansi: REMO = IFH
 wondering what the equation means ?
 Let me explain then
Work from home is the new normal, how does an interview from home sound?
This is what primarily inspired us.  


but thinking of it , we also address
many other potential problems that are encountered while conducting interviews.
Testing of technical skills requires screen-sharing or giving remote access,
neither of which respect the privacy of the candidate. 

More so, a candidate’s portfolio is an important parameter to gauge the level
of expertise and ability, these are accessed by opening multiple tabs and 
going back and forth.

So here we are with REMO an interface for conduction of remote interviews.


Mansi: Features
So let’s get ready for an online interview. 

A face-to-a-name enables better interaction. So there is a need
for a video calling application. 

Expressing ideas by thinking out aloud is an important part of
an interview, then what’s better than a realtime whiteboard for that.

Showcasing projects highlights one’s level of expertise. So don’t
forget to document your work on a platform like GitHub.

Not all things can be said orally so a chat application is a need.

Most importantly, a platform to test any kind of technical skill 
which is accesseble by both the interviewer and interviewee

A Video calling interface
A whiteboard
Access to github profile
Chat
And a virtual environment


These features put together is REMO

Namya : Tech Stack
So let us look at what we used to build REMO

- WebRTC to establish to a peer to peer connection via which video and audio are transmitted
- The Github V3 Rest API to display the candidate's profile
- real-whiteboard and chat were built wilth Socket IO, to transfer real-time data and are hosted on Heroku
- Nuvepro is a startup based out of Bangalore, they are a provider of cloud labs
we used their API's to spin up the virtual environment.

Namya : Challenges
- While making the whiteboard we had to transfer data between two people connected in a room in real time. 
But we did not understand how to integrate a runtime like Node js in our website. 
For this purpose we have hosted the whiteboard and chat on Heroku and are accessed on our website via the url and query strings.

- When we were integrating with github we have made a few mistakes, as a result of which the video was not working 
.As newbies to Git, going back in time to a previous version was scary. We used git reset, it saved our day.

-Another problem was passing the room id from the pre-interview room to the interview room, 
using local storage we were able to store the room id in the browser for that particular session.

- We were given a set of API's to begin with, we were unable to call these API's using JS across the browser, 
so we have made use of python to call these API's. The next was to have a server up and running as an interview can be scheduled at any time. 
For this, we have hosted the python scripts on a virtual machine on GCP.

Supriya: Future
Now lets see what are the next steps for our project:
- At present we were able to establish a peer-to-peer connection, we are going to make it multipeer inorder to support a panelist of interviewers
- To improve the security of the site we will add a log in and sign up system

Supriya:
Working on REMO has taught us a lot both, technical and people skills
It was great a learning experience, working with REMO.
Try it out at removirtual.com
Thank you, we'll take the questions now



Questions

Why did u build this/motivation?
Scene after COVID?
How is it better than the existing ones?
How have u got access to the lab?
Why is there no login ?
What are sockets???
Why not teams?
Hassle
I would go with ready-made than making one
Because, don't want to spend time setting up something for one day which I won't use the other day.
